Crud "status updates" like in Facebook. Fields are status (text), user (string) and number of likes (integer). All three should be present with validations.
There should be at least one capybara spec to cover it.
Create and update redirect to show. There should be flash messages.
Everyone should spend no more than a few minutes before asking, or looking it up, and should write down what they needed help with in detail (so everyone should have a list of things they missed) and will submit a write up.
All class time of 3:30 is the time to beat (as a class)
Once you accept someone, they can opt to become acceptors and can put their names in a board. Submit and do the write up when you are done.

Button for likes has to increment integer by one.



cd into your new directory
bundle
bin/rake db:create
  Note that this command only describes what the database will LOOK like. The database doesn’t actually exist yet.
rails g migration create_organizations x:string, y:date, etc.
bin/rake db:migrate
This command is what actually CREATES the database. Which is confusing based on the wording, but there ya go.
Make a model file called organization.rb, lowercase, singular.
In that file, write:
  class Organization < ActiveRecord:Base
  end
Make a controller file called organizations_controller.rb, lowercase, underscore, plural.
In that file, write:
    class OrganizationsController < ApplicationController
    And then you’d write all your methods, logic, etc.
    end
While in that file, might as well write these items:

def index
end
def show
end
def update
end
def new
end
def create
end
def destroy
end

and also might as well add:

private

def user_params
      params.require(:organization).permit(:whatever, :whatever, :whatever)

Go to the config/routes.rb file
In that file, create a file named resources :organizations
  (NOTE: this will go directly under the “Rails.application.routes.draw do” command.)
Create a folder called views/organizations
  In that folder, create a file named views/organizations/index.html.erb
And then you’d go ahead and create your files!
(optional) run bin/rake routes to see current routes
(optional) set root to organization#index


Some notes on this:

Don’t forget you’ll need to add Bootstrap:
  — Change application.css to application.css.scss
  — You’ll need to add, at the top of the file:
    @import "bootstrap-sprockets";
    @import "bootstrap";
  — Bobby didn’t mention it, but I think you’ll need to add these three elements (INCLUDING the slashes that apparently comment them out):
    //= require jquery
    //= require jquery_ujs
    //= require bootstrap-sprockets
